back to Matlock's toy room reviews as
you can see I'm doing another halo that
halo 3 collection review and this is of
the 2-pack with the elite and the mark 6
spartan because of some different
accessories very nice nice little box
packaging these are made by McFarlane in
2009 and this is the team slayer on
guardian not really sure what that is
maybe that's what these were modeled
after a match that was played but this
is part of the red vs. blue set as you
can see and there is a armor packs that
you can buy which I thought was kind of
cool you can change out the chest play
the shoulder pads and the headpiece for
both sides that come with different ones
of the red team has ODST EBA and cqb and
the blue team has cqb security and EOD
just kind of cool but no Hayabusa or my
favorite the rogue armor but maybe in
the future but very nice so let's take a
quick break and we'll get these two out
of the package I'll ride them back with
them out of the package come with a nice
array of accessories which will take a
look at poor seed Lee comes with the
carbine very nice the Covenant carbon
and also with a battle rifle which is
also very nice the clip is not removable
and they all have these little pegs that
can be pegged into their back and they
also come with two grenades a plasma
grenade and a frag grenade which also
have the little pegs on them so they can
either hold it in their hand or it can
be plugged into a socket and they're
very tiny grenades and somehow they
snuck this in the packaging
because I couldn't even see this watch
the beginning of the video is this is in
the package this was not to be seen it
was like tucked back in a corner so that
was a nice surprise to see the gravity
hammer and this is probably the best
piece so much good detail on this thing
and this bottom of this handle is
removable just slide it off so you can
slide the hand under the handle and it
also comes with a peg so it can be
plugged into the back the very nice
accessory and a very cool bubble shield
and it top kind of rotates just kind of
cool but very cool and just first off
this elite does not stand well it took
me a very long time to get them to just
stand like that if you can see his feet
it's just kind of like this ball on the
back and then he's got these two hooves
so I mean it doesn't stand well and the
feed don't really move that well like
this that's really Lewis but then this
one just like refuses to move online but
the the paint is very nice unlike the
one I got with my Mongoose the paint on
this is very good and of course good
detail very nice i'm not going to go
through all the articulation but they do
have good articulation but it was
brought to my attention that some of
these could be kind of fragile so I kind
of researched a little bit and they can
a lot of them tend to break so I'm not
going to mess with them very much they
have really tight joints and you don't
want to force them so just be easy with
them very cool elite and this is the
Spartan and mark 6 AMA it's very cool
got the white detailing so he's got some
silver
put a very nice blue and you can see I
don't know how well you can tell the
camera but it's got the same kind of
crappy black paint that the one the
lunge one of my Mongoose had so this
seems to be a normal thing for this
series very crappy paint on the Spartans
but with the blue it just doesn't look
that bad since it's darker but with the
orange or the white it looks really
terrible but uh so these darker figures
look like they might be okay this one is
anyway so very cool here's some of the
different pegs there's a hole and a hole
in the one on his back that you can plug
the grenade or the weapons into cooking
plug the battle rifle in there real
quick sit very nice so very cool figures
and these are on the five inch scale so
yeah we got the elite and the mark six
armor Spartan thanks for checking Amaro